Update meta-omics special interest group to include diagram of associated pipelines (#2665)
nf-core/website: sites/main-site/src/content/special-interest-groups/meta-omics/index.md

1. Helping coordinate compatibility between existing and potential meta-omic nf-core pipelines
2. Implementing semi-'chaining' of sequential pipelines
3. Developing standard parameters for different sub-disciplines (i.e. microbiome analysis) for each pipeline

> 4. Documenting usage of 'first level' meta-omic pipelines (createtaxdb, ampliseq, eager, taxprofiler, mag, metatdenovo) followed by complementary analyses with "secondary" pipelines such as (funcscan, phageannotator, phyloplace, rnaseq, differentialabundance) etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Documenting usage of 'first level' meta-omic pipelines (createtaxdb, ampliseq, eager, taxprofiler, mag, metatdenovo) followed by complementary analyses with "secondary" pipelines such as funcscan, phageannotator, phyloplace, rnaseq, differentialabundance, etc.
```

Author: Updated!

> ![London Underground style 'tube map' showing how potentially nf-core pipelines can be used for complementary and sequential analysis within meta-omics disciplines](nf-core-meta-omics-metro.png)

Reviewer: I think this version might stress better that the important bit is what is showing and not the metro map, which might be 😁 
```suggestion
![Showcasing how nf-core pipelines can potentially be used for complementary and sequential analysis within meta-omics disciplines using a London Underground style 'tube map'](nf-core-meta-omics-metro.png)
```

Author: Updated!
